> --------------- Original Message ---------------
> From: [agulyas@societyfortheblind.org]
> Sent: 11/11/2022 1:40 PM
> To: flippsupport@flipp.com
> Cc: accessnews@societyfortheblind.org
> Subject: Question regarding flyer data
>
> Dear Flipp Team,
> 
> My name is Attila Gulyas, manager of the Access News audio reading service at Society For The Blind, a non-profit organization in Sacramento, CA.
> 
> https://societyfortheblind.org/programs-services/access-news/
 >
 > The most popular content among our blind, low vision, and print-impaired subscribers are the store ads, and I'm wondering if there is a public API to your service or another way to access the textual information in the flyers?
 >  
 > The reason I'm asking is because the specials are read by volunteers every week, which means that the audio version is only available to listeners with a 2–4-day delay, depending on volunteer availability. Having the data would allow us to use text-to-speech technology to publish these almost immediately after publication.
 >
 > Have a great rest of your day and wishing you a wonderful weekend!
 >  
 > Appreciatively, 
 > 
 > Attila Gulyas  |  Manager of Access News 
 > Email: accessnews@societyfortheblind.org 
 > 
 > Phone: (916) 889-7510  
 > Access News helpdesk: (916) 889-7519 
 > 
 > Phone numbers to reach the Access News service: 
 > (800) 665-4667 
 > (916) 732-4000 
 > 
 > Society for the Blind 
 > 1238 S Street 
 > Sacramento, CA 95811 
 > 
 > SFTB Main Phone: (916) 452-8271 
 > Fax: (916) 492-2483 
 > www.societyfortheblind.org 
 > 
 >  Our mission is to empower individuals living with low vision or blindness to discover, develop and achieve their full potential.

 Reply:
 > From: noreply@salesforce.com <noreply@salesforce.com> on behalf of Flipp Support (Consumer) <flippsupport@flipp.com>
 > Sent: Tuesday, November 15, 2022 1:03 PM
 > To: Attila Gulyas <agulyas@societyfortheblind.org>
 > Subject: RE: Question regarding flyer data
 >  
 > Hi there,
 > 
 > Thank you for reaching out to the Flipp Support team!
 > 
 > At this time, we do not offer the capability to use an API to integrate to the Flipp app. I have relayed this request to our team as we do track all incoming requests and we are always looking for ways to improve the Flipp app for all users.
 > 
 > Please let me know if you have any other feedback or questions I will be more than happy to get back to you!
 > 
 > Cheers!
 > 
 > Flipp Support
